
post by MaxEntropy on Jun 9, 2023
post by bebemoche on Jun 10, 2023
post by Harters on Jun 10, 2023
post by biondanonima on Jun 10, 2023
post by bebemoche on Jun 10, 2023
post by biondanonima on Jun 10, 2023
post by BKeats on Jun 11, 2023

BKeats

biondanonima
Jun 2023
On the high end Olea and Union League are very good. I think Zinc tries but falls short. Dishes are overly complicated and fail in execution IMO.

Shell & Bones has one of the nicest settings in town. Menu is primarily seafood but the menu has some nice beef and pasta alternatives. Lunch on the deck is just such a great experience.

Pacifico is a good choice if you want to try high end Mexican.

Hachiroku won’t work as it’s almost all seafood. Food is great if you want Japanese izakaya style though.

L’Orcio is a good Italian restaurant. I say that even though a friend’s family is the owner. Harvest works for a nice brunch spot.

The center for British Art is fabulous if you have a chance to visit there. ETA: looks like it’s closed for building renovations until 2024. That’s a shame.


post by bebemoche on Jun 12, 2023

bebemoche

bebemoche
Jun 2023
I remembered a few other spots worth mentioning, especially since I covered such a wide range of restaurants above. Seems like there are at least a couple of people who spend enough time in town to make this interesting:

East Rock Breads (Instagram)
https://yaledailynews.com/blog/2023/04/17/east-rock-breads-bakery-rolls-into-new-haven/
There is not yet a brick and mortar location for East Rock Breads, but we picked up bagels on a couple of weekends. The pickup is from 10-11 am on Saturdays and for the moment feels somewhat like a back alley drug deal. LOL. Background: Our home in NYC was within striking distance of Zabar’s, Murray’s Sturgeon Shop, and Barney Greengrass, so those are the bagels we are used to. My first NYC bagel was from the original H&H. If you are from NYC and reading wondering why I am not mentioning Absolute Bagels, we did make the trip up there once but do not remember anything particularly special about those bagels. Our cream cheese from there contained a foreign object, and we vowed to never return. To get back to the point, Bill Frisch’s everything bagels have been great toasted with cream cheese, and we are looking forward to the official opening of his bakery.

Ricky D’s Rib Shack https://rickydsribshack.com/menu/
I have never set foot inside this restaurant, but I am a lifelong fan of Memphis style barbecue. The Ricky D’s pulled pork sandwich is fabulous when we are craving barbecue but are not willing to ship it from Memphis. For context, we were disappointed by Mighty Quinn’s and Dinosaur in NYC. Memphis favorites are Central for both pulled pork and ribs, and Rendezvous for dry ribs.

Pistachio Cafe 2 https://menu.pistachiocafe.com/ This second outpost of a restaurant opened by Syrian immigrants is on the fringes of downtown. I felt that the menu was disappointingly Americanized when I visited, but for breakfast I liked my za’atar croissant with salad on the side. There is a Syrian breakfast available, but it is only for a party of more than one. I took both walnut and pistachio baklava home from the dessert counter and thought both were quite good.

Bella’s Cafe https://bellascafect.com/ in the Westville neighborhood is incredibly popular for breakfast and brunch. We tried it once and each enjoyed some variation of Eggs Benedict. We would definitely return, but have been warned that there is a wait on weekends. The first outpost of Pistachio Cafe is nearby.

Lastly, for Middle Eastern food we generally order mezze from Rawa https://www.rawainc.com/dining, also in Westville. Rawa is good, but not as great as the sit-down location of Naya at 1057 2nd Ave, or the flashier Ilili, both NYC favorites.


post by lollie424 on Jun 14, 2023

lollie424
Lauren
Jun 2023
Atticus Market has really unique New Haven(ish) style pizzas on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights. I think it changes weekly, but some examples: Seacoast Mushroom and Potato Pie, White Bean and Ramps, Spicy Kale and Nduja.
They also have a bunch of other delicious eats.